Private Division has a new development partner, and its name is Game
                                            Freak. The longtime Pokémon developer has teamed with Take-Two's indie
                                            publishing label to release its first non-Pokemon game in four years. 
                                        
It also marks the studio's first collaboration with a western publisher in
                                            its 34-year lifetime. The partnership isn't entirely dissimilar to
                                            Electronic Arts' recent team up with Japanese publisher Koei Tecmo and its
                                            subsidiary Omega Force, which led to Wild Hearts earlier in the year. 
Currently known as Project Bloom, Game Freak described
                                            the project as a "brand-new action-adventure IP." In a press
                                            release, director Kota Furushima further called it "bold and tonally
                                            different from our prior work."
Private Division is best known as the publisher of Obsidian
                                            Entertainment's The Outer Worlds, and more recently Roll
                                            7's Rollerdrome. Furushima added that the publisher's
                                            previous work, along with its "global expertise, give us all the confidence
                                            to create a sweeping new action-adventure game that we can’t wait to share
                                            more about in the future.”
Similarly, Private Division head Michael Worosz said the company would
                                            "help Game Freak unleash their potential and we’re honored to be the first
                                            Western publisher to work alongside this exceptionally talented and proven
                                            team to bring a bold new IP to market.”
It may be known for releasing a new Pokémon game (or expansion) on a
                                            semi-annual basis, but Game Freak has occasionally released its own original
                                            games over the years. One of the most well-known was 2013's Pocket
                                                Card Jockey (recently ported to mobile), and the most recent was
                                            2019's Little Town Hero. 
Doing a franchise for decades naturally leads to a desire to branch out,
                                            and Game Freak may want to be known as more than "the Pokémon
                                            studio." One way to do that would be working with a
                                            modestly-sized publisher like Private Division.
Because Game Freak's had a grip on the popular culture for so long,
                                            that means whenever Project Bloom arrives, the game
                                            will almost certainly garner attention.
More importantly, having a new, non-Nintendo project on its hands hopefully
                                            means that the developers will have the time needed to avoid another Pokémon Scarlet &
                                                    Violet situation. 